Gwenevere Abriel: Supposed to be so. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, you got me. I
Got
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Got I gotta
Gwenevere Abriel: Move over. Hey, it's February. Can you believe it. No. Yeah. Well, me neither.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, are we partially cast on caffeinated. Are y'all.
Cynthia We: Ah, I just Scott just one call God has
Gwenevere Abriel: What are the prior
Cynthia We: To getting there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But oh my god
Cynthia We: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good morning, please. Thank you. Okay, so we have kid management.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'd have caffeine, we have
Gwenevere Abriel: A readiness to kind of feel something new around money and
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe a little check in on what happened around what we started
Gwenevere Abriel: Last
Gwenevere Abriel: Time, like what has it been like with each other around money. Maybe I could hear from you. Scott what you've noticed
Cynthia We: What we've what's it been like in the past week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, what, just maybe, you notice something a little smidge difference or not just curious.
Cynthia We: Well I yeah I've noticed, I mean, we're still really, we were just living tight. We're trying to get through, so
Cynthia We: You know, once I start working my real job again in Texas come in and everything will change, but I'm
Cynthia We: Pretty much in the same boat. We're living tight. Try not to spend anything
Cynthia We: So I don't know. We're still squabbling a little bit but not fighting
Cynthia We: That's the question we have
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the one
Cynthia We: We have really far squabbled it just feels like
Cynthia We: We're out there.
Cynthia We: Broke, and there's that
Cynthia We: Okay, we're beyond well beyond
Cynthia We: Is a freedom that comes when you're so broke. You know what I mean, it's just like
Cynthia We: Anything, even though the stress.
Cynthia We: Stress is still there, but
Cynthia We: It gets to a point where it's like, oh,
Cynthia We: I'm fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right, so here's what I heard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not a huge change in the predictability of income coming in. There was some squabbling. But tell me, tell me, how did the squabbling differ, since there's this sort of
Cynthia We: I have asked
Gwenevere Abriel: Only so much you can do. Right. How is it a little different. Did you notice any difference. The way the conversation went
Cynthia We: Um, I think maybe a tiny bit. I could say I noticed
Cynthia We: A little more constructive conversation a little more
Cynthia We: There were a couple conversations, maybe that we were seemingly trying to be on the same page. Okay, let me say
Gwenevere Abriel: So a little bit more constructive.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you feeling like you're in the position of doing it on your own or do you feel like you had an ally in the decision making. During that squabble
Cynthia We: Well I, I didn't feel I had a little bit more of an ally, maybe just because
Cynthia We: The situation is pretty serious. So you know we can't be aloof to it, either one of us really
Gwenevere Abriel: Well there so that. So remember, because she's right next to you picture and actual squabble right
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to talk about this, this piece of money and I'm assuming it was like what's the priority because there's like all these competing priorities and there was probably a difference of opinion about how it should get spent. Is that what you're thinking of right now.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I mean it's general, it's not so specific. Right. I mean we we agreed on the couple of big things that we were trying to get our money for, um, but, uh, but they're still there. There was still the thing in the air with with me feeling like
Cynthia We: reminding her not to spend, you know whether I know that's could be right or wrong, but but but there's still that thing where I'm stressed out that I feel I need to say
Cynthia We: Don't spend anything or she's gone for two hours extra and I'm like, oh my god, that has to equate she's at she's spending some money has that's personally, so I'll, I'll, I'll call
Cynthia We: And that's not good, but I'm
Cynthia We: scared about it.
Cynthia We: So, so it's, I think I express that to her. I don't guess. I don't know how
Cynthia We: To thing. Let's not spending way too much money, money, and I'm scared, but she takes it more that I mad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's find out. Growing
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, I want you to, if you can tell him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Validate his fear. In other words,
Gwenevere Abriel: I hear you saying you're afraid of dot dot dot that I'm going to go spend money.
Gwenevere Abriel: And explain to him how you can see the logic not agreeing remember with validation. We just say to another human being. You're not insane. I get the logic. So, look at him. You don't have to agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you can do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not getting a lot of structure because I'm making assumptions that you know how do validation
Cynthia We: Take a breath I
Cynthia We: Forgot the damn word. Okay. Well, we know I suppose I
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me, let me do some modeling for you guys remember I'm throwing at you quick because we've only got this little chunk of time so I'm Scott, if I'm hearing you correctly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it makes sense to me that you would be afraid that I would be out these last couple hours maybe spending money on things we hadn't already talked about.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I've done it in the past, and I've kind of like been a bit in my head in the sand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not wanting to look and not wanting to see and feel how great our financial situation is, it makes sense that you'd be afraid we've kind of been here before. And maybe you're afraid it's happening again. Now, that's me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what it is for you. Sunday.
I
Cynthia We: That's that for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but that doesn't help.
I
Cynthia We: Guess I totally see how you
Gwenevere Abriel: Would feel, make sure you
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch the one to us. He was, he used the the the big boy feeling were too.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scared. Yeah.
Cynthia We: Yeah, I, I
Cynthia We: I can see how he would feel afraid that I was spending money, um,
Cynthia We: Because I because I've done it in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So Scott, do you look at her.
Cynthia We: Do you really
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, I know. I make it seem like it's so easy. Right. But, well, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: There's actual feelings behind all this stuff, but that's that's the heavy handed question here is, when you look at her. She said it. Do you believe what she just said.
Cynthia We: Yeah, well yeah I
Cynthia We: I believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Now turn that to her and we won't
Cynthia We: Agree or disagree. I just know I don't know that.
Cynthia We: The level of sincerity. I don't know.
Cynthia We: What you're saying, and how it relates to us but um
Cynthia We: I don't think that would ever be said to me.
Cynthia We: Without being in front of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. So do that again. No. Right. That's what makes this a little easier as I'm a bit of a buffer right I miss this median I'm this space where
Gwenevere Abriel: There's either this convenient pressure or it's also, I'm kind of a buffer so so Scott. See if you can do one more time and this time. Just don't break away and look right outer and say something like
Gwenevere Abriel: You know all exactly your truth, but it sounds like there's a mixture, like I want to believe you, but I'm having a hard time believing it because you didn't already say it earlier or see what your truth is
Gwenevere Abriel: And see if you can tell her directly see because remember, you've got to rely on your life, being able to handle the truth. Otherwise this. We've got to see her as a full capable human being capable of handling your truth.
Cynthia We: I don't, I like what you're saying. I like that. That shows you that shows me that you
Cynthia We: That you recognize exactly what my fear is with this, but um
Cynthia We: I, I believe it's
Cynthia We: I don't believe it's sincere because
Cynthia We: You probably never
Cynthia We: Said, so that wants to me. So that, that's why I believe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, stay there. That's a lot. Try. Are you still with us.
Cynthia We: Are you still with us. Yes, I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then. See if you can, you can even just mirror that just see if you can say back what he said. Just don't even have to do the validation just see, let me see if I got this rights get Scott
Gwenevere Abriel: And then mirror back
Cynthia We: Let me see if I have this right you
Cynthia We: And you
Cynthia We: Like that I
Cynthia We: Said, when I said, But you don't necessarily believe me, because you don't think that I would ever say that if one wasn't sitting here.
Cynthia We: Didn't get that right. I get that right. Yeah, I don't believe you ever have said that
Cynthia We: Yes. You don't believe I ever have said that or no. Okay, I believe it's
It's a
Cynthia We: It's pretty much always an angry reaction when I say some
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Agree. Okay, don't look but but then there'll be a time when you don't. That's why we
Cynthia We: With fidelity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the marriage.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, and there's more Scott I typically I meet I meet this with with anger. Right. You know, so sure that
Cynthia We: Well, I, I'm
Cynthia We: Not sure exactly what I think I was trying to say that I met with anger. Yes, whenever I do that rather than met with what you just said.
You got it right.
Cynthia We: And so
Cynthia We: Yes, you're totally right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't want
Cynthia We: To say that
Gwenevere Abriel: No you're not. Because there'll be times when you don't agree and you won't be able to be available to him that that phrasing. Right. It won't serve right now. I know that that seems very rigid of me.
Cynthia We: No, I totally get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, breath deep breath. Just look at me. Let's go sit for a second. Cindy, just stay with me for a second. Deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So all you're doing is containing that's all we're doing. We're just showing this person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you, my own stuff my own fear my own truth is not getting in the way of my ability to hear. That's what you're doing. And it's a real gift what you're doing for your sweetheart right now. It's a gift. It's very generous of you. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It means while you're doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You, your perspective isn't being shared. But you're being very generous and very loving when you do this to understand just listening is a difficult thing to do when everything in US rails against it and we want to say what about
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. What about what I'm going through. And if you remember we do get there. We do get there, but first we have to be heard. This is efficient. I know it seems like it's slow down, but it is efficient so deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go inside and do I love this man enough
Gwenevere Abriel: To show him. I can listen, do I love myself enough, right, that I can, I can hear someone else and not fall apart, not abandon myself. I am right I'm strong enough to hear someone else's perspective. I am a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am a good person. I can hear someone else's perspective.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you breathing.
Cynthia We: No.
Okay, thanks. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Find your belly. Let's, let's all do belly breath and let's get this in he'll get our mind off of how intense. This can be let's bring that air and bring that back straight, nice and straight. And just remember
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's bring that air into the
Gwenevere Abriel: Belly push those hands out
Gwenevere Abriel: With that error is it reaches the bottom of the long just be present with your own experience breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: That all is possible, the brain works so much better when it has blood flow to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here right now. Cindy, are you
Gwenevere Abriel: So activated that it's hard to do this activity, or do you think you could do it.
Cynthia We: I think I can do it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So turn toward him
Gwenevere Abriel: And you may have forgotten because I
Cynthia We: Forgot what
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna do we're gonna do
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going to do it again, it's the key word was anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got so just let her know one piece. And remember, we can only hold in our working memory. Just a couple little sentences. We can't hold too much. And so it's a real short and brief something, you know, around your truth but use that word angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Keep breathing, Cindy. Read in your belly.
Cynthia We: Other side. I think I was saying that I run back to the beginning. Like, I thought I I like what you said. I like that. I don't lose completely sincere. Because really, most of the time in the past, almost all the time in the past, maybe
I'm
Cynthia We: Not met with that it's met with anger.
Right, so I'm
Hear you correctly.
You
Cynthia We: Like what I said, but you don't believe that it's necessarily sincere, because in the past it's been met with anger, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did I get that right.
Like that. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay, hold on. Stay there. So you keep looking. Keep looking at each other side from the coffee intake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there more
Cynthia We: Oh, yes. Is there more
Gwenevere Abriel: Just on that point, just on that about her really getting this mixed experience both liking it and being conflicted inside around just, ah, something. It's not sincere it's it's maybe just in here with one of your here and does she get it.
Cynthia We: I don't know. I
Cynthia We: I want you to know where
Cynthia We: My behaviors are coming from, even if they're not
Cynthia We: You know the right way to do it. I'm not supposed to
Cynthia We: I don't want to be controlling or anything like that.
Cynthia We: Um, well, I'm feel
Cynthia We: A little helpless. If I'm not
Cynthia We: On top of it.
Cynthia We: This type
Cynthia We: And I don't feel I can
Cynthia We: Like this example makes me feel
Cynthia We: Helpless I can't turn to you.
Cynthia We: You know, I feel
Cynthia We: My fear.
Cynthia We: And because it's met with anger and then we fight.
Cynthia We: It's been happening for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, that's a lot to take in. It's hard to remember that. Let's see how she does. You got a little bit left in you. Before I flip it around.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your breathing.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you heard him. Let him know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I took some notes in case you forget
Cynthia We: Good cuz I was thinking as you're talking, it should be writing this down.
Cynthia We: A
Cynthia We: E i think that you said that
Cynthia We: You
Cynthia We: feel helpless and
Cynthia We: Like, like if you're not on top of things when we're this tight.
You feel helpless.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: You don't want to fight, but if you bring it up it's met with anger from me and it's been happening for a long time.
Cynthia We: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Just listen. And I can't turn to you.
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, and I can't turn to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get that right, so that was a lot
Cynthia We: We do need to get that right, but there was another thing that I can't. Sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, he doesn't want to be controlling you know
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's the helplessness and sort of his awareness around that. So see, so check, see, did I get that right.
Cynthia We: Did I get that right. Yeah. And for the future. I have my notebook.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look,
Cynthia We: Like that, again,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a lot and you know we can say can say I want to, I want to hear all of it. Let me, let me, let me just stop you there. And let me see if I can reflect back what I heard. We can stop each other and say, right, I'm activated. It's hard for me to remember as much chunks of information.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do that in a conversation, especially in here, right, because it's kind of contrived.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Powerful stuff right
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think you would be able to hear her.
Cynthia We: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's just flip it around a little bit and no we didn't go all the way through this and we certainly didn't get into solution malicious, let's just, we're doing a little temperature reading here so
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy when you're this tight.
Gwenevere Abriel: When he calls you see that call coming in and right you're being right. You know what that call is I'm being checked up on what am I a little girl or something. You got to check on me. I can't be trusted. I don't know if that's the truth, but whatever is coming up for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can own it.
Gwenevere Abriel: He doesn't have to agree, but he can hear it. I'm here, I can help with that. Right. I'm good at that. So he's going to hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Even if you're saying things you don't even like that you're doing, Cindy. It's good to say to own it. Okay, maybe we'll like what you have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's let's see what's coming up for you. So, as you heard him talking about, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to be controlling I feel helpless, especially when it's this tight but I feel like have to be on top of you making those calls and I don't want to be controlling, but I do it, and I can't turn to you so deep breath in the belly. Nice. Indeed.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is very brave.
Gwenevere Abriel: Unless you structure we have, we can rely on structure, we can say, I feel, or I felt when you said data right and he's going to mirror back I'm right here.
Cynthia We: Um, well, I feel terrible.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, tell tell will go. I can't. Let's get clear on the feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, hey, listen, shame on an option.
Cynthia We: Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it's not. It's not because we fall apart we fall apart. We're complete mush where we go to I'm terrible I'm bad when we go to shame. Cindy, own it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Own it so but so worst thing I'm. What if I'm greedy. What if I'm materialistic. So I'm still good loving wonderful person city, so are you. I don't know what's your stick is but honey. This is it. This is a man that loves you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You are a good person, honey.
Cynthia We: It makes me so mad when you call when I've been
Gwenevere Abriel: All and he
Cynthia We: Like, like I am. I can't be trusted. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now go I know we're now we're going to go back to my structure here. We did great. Here we go. Deep breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to turn to him and I want you to tell him I feel angry when I when you call me and I say to myself, it doesn't trust me.
Cynthia We: If I know so
Gwenevere Abriel: When are when it is shame. It's hard to, it's hard to be present without it's so uncomfortable, but that just just realize that
Gwenevere Abriel: You're a good person. Okay. You are not the sum total of these things. Okay. Your spirit, it's it's it's impenetrable. So the short term actions. This is just bigger. Okay, your sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now what you're doing right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is you're taking responsibility and you're taking the responsibility for owning your own truth right now. You can do this. That's all you gotta do I feel angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you call me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning, I'm making my head is you don't trust me, you never will. Now I made that up. You turn to him take as long as you need, but real simple. I feel when you because the meaning is this
Cynthia We: Belly, so I feel so mad when when you call me when I have been out
Cynthia We: Um, because the meaning that I make in my head is that you don't trust me, and that
Cynthia We: You never will.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there. You don't trust me, and you never will. Okay mirror that back if you can
Cynthia We: Feel so angry when I call you like that because it feels like I don't trust you and I knew
Gwenevere Abriel: Is. Did I get that right. I didn't hear right
Cynthia We: Yes, the more
Cynthia We: I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, look at each other. See if there's that
Gwenevere Abriel: Harder when there's contact. I know it's intimacy.
Cynthia We: And it just happened.
Cynthia We: Because you have left to say
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's easier done with anger. It's a, it's a, it's a much easier to go to rage is a lot more comfortable if I'm in a space of shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame can't talk. Shame is completely immobilized but anger gives this energy will we can we can be righteous and we can leverage that. And we can actually speak for
Cynthia We: Anger, the truth or is angry or emotional
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's just a protection of of what you're seeing right now.
Cynthia We: Like say something to make you angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not okay. So why don't you okay so let's let's go back. So check it. Look at it one more time and ask in a in a in a genuine heartfelt way, make sure it's your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there more just look at her and asked her this
Phrase
Cynthia We: Not right now.
Cynthia We: Okay, tell him.
Gwenevere Abriel: We tell them why don't you do the tell them why not, right, now then.
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling, why not right now.
Cynthia We: I'm because I'm not angry.
Cynthia We: Right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: About what you are feeling
Cynthia We: I'm feeling like I'm a piece of shirt and
Cynthia We: I've done this. I've made you feel this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to my structural no
Gwenevere Abriel: Come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here, yo.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel good. You did the light
Cynthia We: On the shade.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I feel ashamed that I i did this to us want you to look at it. This is the tender. This is the stuffs got when you're asking about anger. That's our puff up
Gwenevere Abriel: Armor. This is the, this is the stuff she's protecting from that's what anger. Does she doesn't have to feel this. So I feel a shame. So, do it again. You can look at him. You can do it. I believe in you.
Cynthia We: Shame when
When
Cynthia We: When you call and I know that both because I
Cynthia We: Because I'm the meeting naked. My head is that I've created this problem and
Cynthia We: And it's my own fault and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let him say it back to you. Hold on. That's big narrow that back let her know, You heard that I heard you what you said.
Cynthia We: It makes you feel a shame.
Cynthia We: And it makes you feel like you've created this like it's all your fault. You made them feel
Gwenevere Abriel: You sure don't let one word even be often you don't don't waste your time. Make sure you get it just right there were some things that were off.
Cynthia We: I have no idea. I can't. My brain isn't working anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then. Let's preach it. Well, that's because right you've got this threat going on this fear response.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's because shame. That's no, honey. That's because shame has no interest in accountability. It just wants to annihilate you okay it's no good. It's unproductive. It really is it that's not real. You are lovable. Do you know that honey you
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have a gambling, you know, you could be an addict.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can have a gambling addiction, you can do all kinds of things you're still lovable somehow along the line you have forgotten this deep truth and you do not come back to you do not come back to. I'm enough
Gwenevere Abriel: Are forgivable but you don't ever get to frame that out.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you've kind of forgive you. What we do to get past this shame thing is we take responsibility. I know it seems ironic, but only a strong person can sit with the fact that I participated in this. It doesn't mean you did all of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: He did a part to it was complicity.
Gwenevere Abriel: The strength that he will give you by owning a little bit. You don't attack the whole self, you're still a good person.
Gwenevere Abriel: How can I work with people. If I thought you guys were all bad. I think you're amazing people who did the best you could
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys did the best you could
Shame has no space here. It doesn't belong
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it differently. Look at this man and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: For whatever reason, I did it. My coming to learn why I did it.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so uncomfortable to own this truth. Tell him that, what's the experience of sitting with your part, tell him about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just sit in this shame. No, tell him how hard this is to take responsibility.
Cynthia We: Is very hard possibility for this is admitting that I
Cynthia We: Like your own sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Say it again.
Say it again.
Cynthia We: But then I might
Cynthia We: It's so hard for me to even to say this.
Cynthia We: Because I have been
Cynthia We: A little bit irresponsible, sometimes with money.
Cynthia We: And
Cynthia We: I haven't
Cynthia We: Made
Cynthia We: Saving for times like this a priority always
Cynthia We: And it's just very, very, very uncomfortable because
Because
Cynthia We: Think
Cynthia We: You
Cynthia We: Assume that I'm always like that. But I'm always being responsible and I'm always frivolous.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: Not always.
Cynthia We: Your. That's what I want to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, that's fine. It's just really complicated. That's fine. So we'll go back to a really easy way to to mirror
Cynthia We: To record.
Gwenevere Abriel: It. So come back to it. Go back. Let's get it nice and clean.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever the truth is I'm filling in the blanks. But you got to do yours. I feel uncomfortable right and
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame gets activated when I think about, I've been irresponsible sometimes. Now you look at him and tell him the truth.
Cynthia We: So we'll
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can look at him. I know.
Cynthia We: Well, in one second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: All right, look at him. I
Feel
Cynthia We: really uncomfortable and I'm the same gets activated when
Cynthia We: I have to. When I think about my that I have an irresponsible, sometimes with money and
That all is
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. Now stop right there you go with each other. Just look at each other for a second, just look just I know nobody's saying anything more. Just look and be with that giggle right
Cynthia We: Let's look. That was a sarcastic giggle. So I don't like is not a giggle funny giggle. I know that he's laughing because he does believe that I'm always irresponsible money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah, that seed know that's that's a that's that is literally the reason why you can't sit with this discomfort. You have made up this story.
Cynthia We: I currently have a story in my head today.
Gwenevere Abriel: But Cindy that that's your internal
Gwenevere Abriel: So check it out. You ready. So you're going to check out your assumptions. So it'll be a sweetheart, or however, Scott.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think that I'm always here responsible. Now, that's one of yours version go inside and ask your question. This is choosing curiosity over being right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or choosing curiosity over being wrong right now. It happens to be choosing curiosity over shame activation. So choose it. It's a skill. He got to grab it. This is it used
Gwenevere Abriel: For us.
Cynthia We: To think that I'm always irresponsible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Always it's unlikely. It's inhuman
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, Scott just looked at me and I'm like, it's unlikely.
Cynthia We: Responsible with money 97.5% of the time.
Cynthia We: Oh no, I don't believe you're always responsible plan. Hopefully your
Gwenevere Abriel: Money 97%. Okay, what percent do you think she's made choices. You wouldn't have made.
Gwenevere Abriel: 5% 94
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, come on.
It's just money.
Cynthia We: I would say, I don't know.
75 80% maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you think is it as bad as you thought or worse than you.
Cynthia We: Know it's not as bad as I thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you assess yourself as having made decisions that weren't thought through that were more about retail therapy or staying in denial, not wanting to visit the shame, not wanting to look at the meaning of money, not wanting to look at it in yourself. How did you assess
Cynthia We: 30% of the
Gwenevere Abriel: 30% you're irresponsible, is that right yeah 33% response so there's there's a bit of a disconnect
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Okay, so then it makes sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: It does make sense that there would be this call.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so it's off by, you know, let's say it's 50 it's it's off by quite a bit tough, but what is the question that that's how much you
Cynthia We: Feel you are responsible for how much we disagree on this.
Cynthia We: How much I feel I've been irresponsible where I just not thinking about it, or you know, bought something
Gwenevere Abriel: 30%
Cynthia We: Oh yeah, because I wanted or or didn't buy the cheapest item.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, and so it's off by about 50, let's say, just to make the madness, yours is about 80% of the time and if, but it's not 97.5 right. It's not that it's not as bad as you thought. But if you didn't think of money. As you know, we never did do this this activity together as if it was
Gwenevere Abriel: Who you are, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: A status piece if it was more like sometimes we have a good job job doesn't define me. Sometimes we have more money than other times this time right now kind of sucks. It was just that benign, but I don't know what meaning it is for you to why haven't been able to find out.
Cynthia We: Are there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we're gonna stay focused here because we've done a lot to get to this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because honestly, the it'll all unravel. You guys have done budgets before, but this is this 50% is huge. It keeps meaning to you, Cindy, that when he calls
Gwenevere Abriel: It saying to you. You don't trust me. And frankly, I kind of don't trust myself in some ways, right, and you never will. If that's the meaning that it has
Gwenevere Abriel: This is unlikely to flow any differently than has. But if you say to yourself, Well, just on one side. You guys didn't do this. You didn't ask for things you wanted. But let's say
Gwenevere Abriel: You do decide to, let's say, Cindy. You say, Well, I'm going to do my part. And I'm going to change the meaning that those calls have and
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm going to do is I'm going to say I'm taking care of your fear, Scott. You are afraid I'm going to me to say it out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming this call means you're kind of worried that I'm spending money that we hadn't already talked about.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as uncomfortable as it is to to explain myself. I'm going to tell you what I'm doing right now because I love you. And because you've told me you were afraid.
Gwenevere Abriel: And right we're off. I see myself as 30 you see my son see me as about 80% so I'm going to tell you, but I want you to also know I feel a little defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: But why can't that be the case, why can't that be the call for a while until it starts to change because it doesn't mean it's going to be like that forever. Instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever the blast of anger is, I don't know how how it goes. But I know what defensiveness is I'm familiar with that terrain, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do this. Now let's do because here we are at this the top of this hour, a little bit of time left. Let's see if we can get some behavior request from each other. You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott start with you will take take the pressure off. You send you'd be thinking about what you want your behavior request.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Scott, um, it's unlikely that your assumption about her money management is likely to change miraculously after talking today, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's probably going to be around 80% and what what behavior request. Would you ask of her
Gwenevere Abriel: When you do your due diligence and you're calling and checking on her. What would you want her to do a little differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that it doesn't turn into an argument or what would feel watch this reassuring to that fear from which it is resource that's why you're calling. What would bring the fear down. Could you hear her say when you're calling her that would de escalate your fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: What could you hear
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll have to believe it. Right. I mean, you'll have to believe it. Or maybe there's something you want to see.
Cynthia We: I don't know how if you could somehow
Cynthia We: Well, first of all, not assume
Cynthia We: That I'm angry or
Cynthia We: Meaning to be controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, those are hard. Let's get this flip it around. It's, I know this sounds really crazy, but you won't be able to measure what she's not doing. We won't be able to measure her mind. But what we can do is we can hear tone. We can hear content, we can hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just you know how we're talking now this nice sort of processing. It's this nice rhythm. It's not really loud and see my voice goes up, and it goes down. I'm sorry, like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's this what is prosody. Is this nice up and down flow of my voice and it's the volume isn't really high and the, the speed hasn't paste quickly or I haven't given you, you sort of the silent treatment gotten quiet so now
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want to hear. There'll be an indication that your wife is not defensive. Right. What will you hear what we notice in the way that she is speaking to what we notice your job will be to notice that she's doing this behavior change. But what do you want
Gwenevere Abriel: But we'll be there in the call.
Cynthia We: I want you to stay, you're not at all.
Cynthia We: Kidding. You just say I I think just the tone. If it, if it
Cynthia We: wasn't an immediate
Cynthia We: Like need your
Cynthia We: Um,
I'll catch it since last
Cynthia We: Angry, fast, fast know like an assuming, like so slow like quieter slower.
Cynthia We: Um,
Cynthia We: It's it's a it's a weird conundrum, because I don't want her to assume that I'm calling
Gwenevere Abriel: Even though you are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you're gonna have to own the fact that you're calling because you are suspicious.
Cynthia We: I guess. Yeah, I don't know why I call because I'm not going to solve anything. I'm only going
Cynthia We: To remind me. Yeah, I just, just a reminder. Yeah.
Cynthia We: I guess so. And that's annoying. I totally understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let me do my job. Let me do my job. Stick with me. Keep it simple.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how I caught you. We can't do anything your intense going to be there. Like I said that 80% of going anywhere. We've already said it's there, you're going to make the call right now it's just for now. That's going to be the deal. So what you're asking for is
Gwenevere Abriel: She says hi
And then what
Gwenevere Abriel: What does she say first of all, she's gonna I we you know when it's not a defensive, blah, blah, blah. But we can have her not assume that you're calling to teach it, you are checking or so there's no shame in either one of you so
Cynthia We: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're almost there. Scott, I won't
Cynthia We: Know that I'm calling out
Cynthia We: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there we go. Now, we now. There we go. So, so watch
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe what you're asking for is this Sydney
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Just answer my direct question. So if I asked you, where are you just answer the content just content. Don't go process. We already know I'm going to be checking in out of fear, sometimes just answer process up answer content question, hey. Hey, Cindy. Where are you, which up to
Cynthia We: I'm going to do, Max.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we're going to get to the behavior question on the flip side, too. But for now.
Gwenevere Abriel: If what you're asking for Scott, if we're not playing games anymore. And there are going to be times when you're going to be checking right to see what she's doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is what I'm not sure.
Cynthia We: No, no, I'm just thinking, we've gotten on this call thing is that okay then that happens. But most of the time it's just like I enquire when we're at home and stuff like
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Cynthia We: I just thought of a call thing because I i did it once recently and
Cynthia We: And that sounds really controlling
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't get distracted by that we already agreed, you have a disparity of let's get into that, let's let's see some change for a little while. Let's look
Gwenevere Abriel: At a little later. So right now, let's see what happens if we if we both of you just rattle off.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're not supposed to be this way. I'm not supposed to be this controlling guy, and I'm not supposed to be the spending person who gives a shit.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what we've got. This is what we are, let's just let's shake it up a little bit. Okay. We don't need any of the shaman here unproductive. So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's get clear. Okay, back in the house now it's good morning or high on em coming home from work and
Gwenevere Abriel: What is likely if no longer you're embarrassed or trying to hide the fact that you want to check
Gwenevere Abriel: On your 80% concerned if you don't pretend like it's something else. If you know give yourself permission to be a be scared you are scared. So, don't, don't be afraid of that. And then you can say, hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: Will oh did you spend any extra money today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, right, if you're honest with yourself. What's the real question you want to ask when you see her.
How I'm doing
Gwenevere Abriel: You may want that, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If you're an 80% concern right
Cynthia We: On the same page.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, we saw, so you might see her. Are we still on the same page. Is that right,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that something he might say,
Cynthia We: I would love that because there's a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: Relevant function.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Cynthia We: No.
Cynthia We: I, I believe you would take that question and make it doesn't matter what what you think I will. This is what usually happens if I make an effort to to ask question nicely about it, it doesn't really stop the shame or stuff.
Cynthia We: Right. Doesn't matter if you think you believe
Cynthia We: You believe you believe I'm being snide or sarcastic.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then why hide it in this diversity of are we on the same page. I mean, if that's what you guys want to do but but to me, if we've already said, Look at how different he said 80% he's he's worried a lot more than you are. And that's just real
Gwenevere Abriel: He's more worried about it, then you are okay. You have a lot more confidence about it. Then he does. That's real. It's not good. It's not bad it is. So why do we have to dance around it. Why do we have to be are we on the same page that's even a little fuzzy. How about
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you stick with the budget today.
Or was it whole.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm just, I'm just saying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it hot or or or maybe the give a shit level could be sorry about the language.
Cynthia We: Time the
Gwenevere Abriel: I think the give us boom give a string could be
Gwenevere Abriel: The care part is with with sticking to the budget hard today we able to do it my fears coming up. I was thinking about these other bills came in. I saw him on the table and
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, I have this wave of it while while I was driving past, blah, blah, blah. See, Scott. That would be your truth. And that's not a dance. That's not a are we on the same page. That's exactly that's
Gwenevere Abriel: I had this thing happen when I saw Joe, I started to think about this. And then I went by the school and this happened and I started to to get my head about my fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Cindy, were you able to stay in the budget. I just need some reassurance. Now, isn't that direct that seems like that's a direct communication, but do you have that ability to know yourself well enough Scott did
Gwenevere Abriel: That you could communicate that directly to her, not even whether that's something she wants to hear but
Cynthia We: I think
Cynthia We: I think I do. I think I communicate directly a lot about that. And I don't think it has a good consequences. Okay.
Cynthia We: If I, if I say I mean I've done the whole gamut. I've done the soft and mushy thing. And I've done, I've done did. You did. Did we able to stick to the budget today.
Cynthia We: But, but
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. So, so I saw something happened city so I'm talking really fast because I'm trying to make sure we get it all done there. Sure. So Cindy, no matter what he says, you're going to get activated. Has that been the past
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so once you let's flip it around. I'll come back to fine tuning. What he wants from you. How do you want it delivered so that we can move forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, because he's trying to
Cynthia We: Know that I want it delivered in a certain way. It's that I want a
Cynthia We: A guy, a guy I, how am I supposed to stick to a budget that I don't have like i don't i don't know what the budget is it spend zero money.
Cynthia We: Right now, like Spend your own money. And so, no. I never spoke to the budget because I can't spend zero money. Okay. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, this is a is a funky time right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Cynthia We: Worse than usual. Yeah.
Cynthia We: My first thing I'm spend zero and yeah I it's impossible. But what that means is spend minimal
Cynthia We: Spend. I mean, yes, we need a budget. We've had budgets in the past, and we want to
Cynthia We: Really attack this new budget new way of thinking. Now again, but
Cynthia We: You shoot you always say, What am I supposed to do. We don't have a budget. Well, you still kind of know the situation right so I
Cynthia We: I don't think it's fair to say
Cynthia We: How can I overspend when there's no budget.
Cynthia We: I think that's an excuse
Cynthia We: Oh,
Cynthia We: That, that, like, and you always point the finger at me to be the one that's supposed to make the budget.
Cynthia We: And since I did make a budget.
Cynthia We: Then you're, you're not responsible
Cynthia We: So it feels like
Gwenevere Abriel: So for now, that's an important one. And remember we've got this finite amount of time, we still need to make this larger. There's no doubt, and I still got this this worksheet that I started here with you too.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's the stick to it part. That's the one that we're addressing today. We've worked a little bit on the budget before now we're working on that. How are we going to stick with it are the emotions that are behind it. The
Gwenevere Abriel: What meaning means to us how it affects our ego strength, you know, the shame activation and each of you has your own story about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And yeah, magically, what do I wish you guys could do. I wish you guys could get this budget written because you don't need me for you've done these things before you write the budget and and Cindy, you don't abandon yourself and you stay in your truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: He's right. You stay stay there with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you have a question.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you ask and Scott, of course, you, you no longer would have access to. I don't know how you respond, but it can't be shaming can't be blaming. We can't crank up anger or whatever. We've got to just say, Okay, we're just going to cold right out what's needed
Gwenevere Abriel: And the reality. Scott is you're going to have fear that she is spending more than what you have
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, that's not going to go anywhere, anytime soon. It may over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: But not right away and Cindy, you can acknowledge that and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you kind of scared that I'm spending money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could do you know that you could do that instead of being defensive. You could care. This is where the care that level of
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, is this one of those moments, you're, you're concerned that I've been. I've been. I've been gone for a little while and I've been spending money and then Scott, you would say, Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's no shame. There's no defending against the truth because the truth is, you're not as preoccupied as he is with it. He just is thinking about it. About 50% more of the time. It's just the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys are looking at it differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not good, not bad, just is. So he's burdened with thinking about it more, well then how about we care and we say, yeah, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know you're thinking about it more than I do. I get that. And I don't want you to be in fear. So I'm not ashamed and I'm going to tell you
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm doing I'm using this technique that one of your taught me and I I put this pink sweater in front of me and I look at this
Gwenevere Abriel: $35 and I think I need this $35 and I just put the stuff away or I drive past the market or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't defend against it. You're taking care of his feelings at that time. And what that's doing for you, Cindy is saying, I don't have anything to be ashamed of this nothing to defend. I don't think about it as often his. He does just, I just don't know. Bad for it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me see where we're at. I haven't heard what you want because you did go oh earlier with the are we on the same page in his, his delivery really that relevant is the way he delivers it really going to make the difference. No.
Okay.
Cynthia We: Because I'm always gonna know that
Gwenevere Abriel: He does.
Cynthia We: Trying to
Cynthia We: Ask me about it in a sneaky way. What was your always told me
Cynthia We: You always told me, but you don't say it like that. You want to be such I know you said
Gwenevere Abriel: You do want it delivered a particular way.
Cynthia We: I do. Yeah, I guess I just don't know what that is.
Cynthia We: But, and I asked you how do you, how do you want me to say I even asked you how would a good husband say
Cynthia We: You know and i mean
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't you just try it my way. Why don't you take the heat off and just say, here's the new thing start you'll say, I'm feeling worried about money right now. Can I check in. If you spend any any extra money.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's one of yours idea and then you get to hate on me when we meet again that sucked. One of your, your way made I got defensive and you want you can blame me for it. I don't have any
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll go under the bus plenty of tread marks on this face. Okay, so what's it going to be so we thought if we go for this then. Then we're going to have it flip real quick so got just a tiny bit of time. It's not are you willing to say, you may want to write this down.
Cynthia We: I've written it down for him well.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel, and it can be any of the cousins of fear, I feel nervous, anxious, afraid scared.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today right now. Can I ask you about
Gwenevere Abriel: Spending money. How much money you spent
Gwenevere Abriel: And if he does that, Cindy. The commitment on your part is
Gwenevere Abriel: Say to yourself.
I am good enough.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: What you say out loud is, let me think.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I spent money on coffee I put money. I put some gas and put about 10 bucks in car and picked up about 30 bucks and groceries its content that's content data. He's asking for data didn't say, how do you feel about my asking you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're taking care of your own feelings by saying to yourself, I am good enough. I am worthy. I am capable of answering this question, I hold on to myself. Okay. This is the hard work. You've got to be able to be okay with the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: He just he worries about it more than you go
Cynthia We: Okay, this is good. This happened.
Cynthia We: Yesterday,
Cynthia We: Um, let's welcome healthy groceries.
And I asked.
Cynthia We: Was like, Whoa, you went to Trader Joe's again.
Cynthia We: And I'm
Cynthia We: Casually Whoa, your changes again.
Cynthia We: Because it's like you know you need to you. The main grocery trip. And then you do a couple supplementals here or there, and I'm always worried about the supplementals but uh, sorry, like, Oh, you went to take those again and again and
Cynthia We: And she said, well, I was I side or stressed and
Cynthia We: She said, Oh, I spent $25 I bought it at all like four things. I spent $25
Cynthia We: And that
Cynthia We: Was fine that was
Cynthia We: Fine. However, it was 33
Cynthia We: However,
Cynthia We: No, it was like 59 wasn't
Cynthia We: That was the last time I went so so do. Right. So either way, we don't have to school. I mean, we don't, we're not supposed to pull out her phone and look at how much you're spending now, right, because I because he was no no no.
Cynthia We: I'm not okay. So it's three. But my point is, are you
Cynthia We: Okay. All right, then. Did you bend it
Cynthia We: To try and calm his nerves.
I understand.
Cynthia We: It's always
Gwenevere Abriel: Nice. He's responsible for his nerves, the same way. I'm asking you to run the belief system of us. I'm good enough to actually tell him. You don't have to question the fact that you you need, you do the shopping. Okay, so then you you picked up food that's the deal. That's the deal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. That's how much was spent. That's a fact. You're hiding it. And in some way.
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's some other mess later on.
Cynthia We: If
Gwenevere Abriel: You're good enough.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sandy, then it was $60 okay the budget part that's a conversation that still needs to happen is is mac and cheese on the menu where maybe when you guys were bringing in you know $7,000 a month mac and cheese wasn't on the menu. Maybe it is now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know. This is stuff that that's budget stuff we're doing process things in here. So let's let's read, let's review real quick because I'm a little pressed for time I got someone knocking at the door. Listen here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott are you willing to say, not this. Not that one. Not the passive, not the sneaky when you went to Trader Joe's. Again, not the sneaky sneaky now not this okay but maybe you were trying to be nice. Now we're both agreeing, it's going to be. I feel anxious. I'm thinking about money.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you how much money did you spend today. What if it's just that. What if it's it's straight up.
Gwenevere Abriel: How much money just send it and then Cindy, you go, Okay, yeah, I've been I I kind of figured you'd be asking that, because we talked to, when you think about money. Hold up, I died. Okay. And I gotta break. Give me a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: I gotta collect yourself never
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm okay. I spent about 50 bucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's content, but you're not going to be able to get there, sending if you think you've got it placate him and try and keep his feelings keep him calm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which we still need to do the budget, we do.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me see if I get this right.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got her behavior request here now checking checking in with you, Cindy. If he does it this way. Do you think you could take it in as this is him speaking his truth. He's registering has 80% which is 50% more than what you kind of think about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what do you want from him. Let's real quick at this one. What behavior request, you're going to do your part. Okay, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait a minute, the other way around. What do you want her to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Scott, you're going to say I feel kind of nervous and anxious about money on how much did you spend today. And now what behavior request you want from her. See if you can make it sustained notice it's an is not what's missing, what is, what do you want to hear her say and do real quick.
Cynthia We: Mood and tone or or be
Gwenevere Abriel: Standing there you're asking for content. You asked for a number
Cynthia We: You want I want to, I want you to just to be honest with me not to bend the truth okay i and not to be honest, I don't know if I'm allowed to say this. I don't want you to go to shame thing and be frustrated with my question.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Yeah, I want you to
Cynthia We: Have this without sending you the shame somehow
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to meet you here, right, because you're being correct you're courageous enough to say I feel nervous and anxious about money and you're directly communicating that maybe what you want from her is the same.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll give an actual data response and maybe what you're asking for. And maybe this is what you could do, that's just equal is to say, and you could say, and I feel a little ashame activation
Gwenevere Abriel: As I tell you now. I spent $65 and I spent about 15 more than I think we agreed on. And this is this is hard for me to talk about
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but
Cynthia We: That would probably I mean I'm you know
Cynthia We: Is it still the overspending thing, but I think I would accept it differently than your defiance. I spent what I spent what we needed to kind of thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, yeah.
Cynthia We: Go would react differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, there's no getting around right now is a very unique time y'all. Right. It's just there's just this DVD resource. So I think we need to get into is
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you afford Trader Joes. Is this where you're shopping needs to be right now is this. This is where you guys are going to go. This is where it needs to be.
Cynthia We: I believe Trader Joe's is a she believes Trader Joe's is the most expensive grocery store. Yeah, well, I don't believe it's the most expensive. That would be whole foods are natural grocers, but
Cynthia We: But I do believe that there are some I've met her. I mean, she's really taught me a lot about organic and eating better
Cynthia We: Yeah, spending wiser on uncertain stuff. And I do believe there's a way to economic be do some of that. But now all of it. I do believe that sometimes you have to sacrifice some of the special stuff. Some of the 699 stuff for tonight and stuff.
Cynthia We: That means more Smith more time comically shopping at Smiths. Yeah, I'm okay, that I think will survive that month of tightness without eating all that stuff. And I don't and I, it doesn't feel like she's willing to give him. It's not never going to go back to non organic
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. So notice how right it's really, it's thick. It's like, well, well, maybe the shopping trip, just for this month is going to look like this, it's going to be, what are we willing to compromise because there's an urgent, so we might sacrifice for a month, we might sacrifice, you know, the
Cynthia We: Organic I sacrifice all organic. Last time I grocery shop.
Cynthia We: I didn't buy any organic unless it was only 30 cents more
Cynthia We: I just a couple
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Cynthia We: Literally I bought on organic eggs I bought an organic sour cream.
Cynthia We: Kind of cheese. Do you believe you. I know the answer this. But you believe like if I was shopping and I got everything on our list, the same list that would save some money.
Cynthia We: And how do you believe I would do that. I believe that you would spend the time to go to the grocery store.
Cynthia We: So you leave us. Yes, I believe that you would use your coupons and you would be gone for three hours at Smiths and Trader Joe's. And wherever you needed to go to get the items cheapest
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you don't want to spend the time
Cynthia We: I don't want to spend the time
Gwenevere Abriel: You went shopping this month.
Cynthia We: I believe he should be shopping while he's on you know I don't when it when I'm off, off, off, which isn't now so I'm still working every day.
Cynthia We: When I'm off off. I don't mind doing that, but then I can actually enjoy doing it sometimes because it's probably more control.
Cynthia We: But what I want to totally not have to do that in order for us to stay in a budget.
Cynthia We: I think what
Cynthia We: We'll get there. I just need a budget.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do we do here.
Cynthia We: Because then it feels like when I started shopping all the time, it started to meld into this thing of, that was another controlling behavior or
Somehow
Cynthia We: Use a little bit, but that's because I didn't feel that at all. I prefer to shop I rather not. Okay. But that includes making decisions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know what's real. I don't know whether there really is this assumption, right, that thing that just got really lot of mind reading right in there. So she she's saying, I prefer you chop. Let's just take a small chunk licious. But you guys are in this really tight, tight bond.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just, just, just for today. How do you want today to go. How much money is available, what's needed today. What do we got going on here because y'all are like rolling in, with little pieces of money. I thought you got $1,000 something came in and finally
Cynthia We: It did. And then he didn't pay him this week.
Cynthia We: This guy's a bad, bad situation but um
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me tell you something. You guys are handling better than a lot of
Gwenevere Abriel: Crap.
Cynthia We: Man, I think that they actually really pissed him off. It's upsetting to me because he's a friend of mine, so it never probably never should enter this anyway.
Cynthia We: But it's always been a nice casual thing to do when I'm off because I usually make a ton of money when I'm working. And then if I'm off for two months.
Cynthia We: It's nice to do something and just have a little something coming in here, there, and it's not, it shouldn't be something we totally rely on. We don't want a personal position anymore. But now we're
Cynthia We: Relying on it when we need every penny. So it matters if I get that little check from him every week and
Gwenevere Abriel: include that in the context right now. There's so many friends and oh, do we want to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now it's pretty dire straits. So now, you told me. Eventually, they are going to come through. So
Cynthia We: It may have. Okay, now here we are again. But if I believe that they're going to screw me in this state town. Well, then that would be different thing. But I've always believed. I know.
Cynthia We: That you can know that it's going to come. They're going to payment and even if they screw up and they're jerks and they can be late. It's there. And in a warped way it's money in the bank.
Cynthia We: Okay, but um and I also don't want to stand up and say, You guys, I'm done. Because I screwed that relationship, not only because it's a friendship, but also it's a nice thing to have.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go to problem solving today. Yeah, and I feel the same reassurance. I felt from Cindy, they're going to pay you. So what are we doing for today. What do we got for today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there food in the house, plenty of food in the house. Okay, so no shopping need it just any money needs to be spent today.
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, you spend it on
Cynthia We: That we don't have dinner. We don't have dinner because I gross yourself up because
Cynthia We: What's up, but we got chicken and
Cynthia We: Pasta and okay
Gwenevere Abriel: So chicken pasta some
Cynthia We: Chicken do the past two years ago. Let's have a chicken dinner. We have tons of sure Scott. That sounds delicious. Oh.
Cynthia We: Well, I bought
Cynthia We: I bought you veggie chicken. Yes, you did. So you can make the he does that we talked about breaking up to buy a couple little things, but no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that my guess is, I'm hearing. Just a little twinge of shouldn't have the same dinners, or it's not okay to have like the same food every day.
Cynthia We: You have passed the three
Cynthia We: Days or two days and we just have pasta. Two days ago, literally.
Cynthia We: I actually
Cynthia We: Don't mind having burritos every other day. I love that and pasta, because it was different kinds of pasta would be okay like tomorrow, but not today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Cynthia We: I was looking at college kids, but we're broke right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you broke your leg. This is called. Remember, I said, is it mac and cheese. Is it Top Ramen.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but, but, Cindy. It might be, it might be and have fun with it. Okay, this is a camping trip right now. This is rough it you guys can either come closer or you can talk about this division in here. This is not Starbucks time. Yo, this is mac and cheese time and
Cynthia We: I got them for free.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you get my point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get
Gwenevere Abriel: That like this is college time. This is where you can laugh about this memory and have fun with it. And hey guys, we're gonna, this is, this is going to be how it is. We got one of the 10 different ways we can play with this map dessert is
Cynthia We: like ramen.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can either be disgusted with it. Cindy, or you can get into this and find this a fun game, you can get
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't, in and of itself doesn't have any meaning you are lovable and good enough. If you're eating pasta five days out of the week, you just are
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't like what this means about this image baby about what it's like to have kids and family and all of that. We'll get into that another time. I do need to go but just, just a quick invitation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just cut it loose a little bit cut loose this image of the self that it should be this way or that way. This is this part of your life right now is a stinker.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys can can play in here, right, isn't this. It's like this is a mess. This is a mess.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it doesn't have to be a boom. So it can be like day we got it. Look, look where we are. We're not going to go through this again. But we're going to get through this with grace.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're going to play in here and what can we do not going to get hung up on how this looks. And materialistic and image and all of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just see what we got. Let's go into the cover go in there together, go look around and talk about what you can spend this week reasonable. Okay. And you can say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I would eat if you can possibly have burrito then Mac then pasta denim need or whatever, then, okay, but both of you just have some flexibility around this because
Gwenevere Abriel: This, this time sucks, man. You put you're going to get past it. You guys have been in worse situations. Okay.
Cynthia We: Yes, we have actually we
Cynthia We: Go. Okay, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: When are we meeting again. I really want to make sure that if it turns out this budget doesn't get written that we do it. When can we meet again.
Cynthia We: God has an interview sometime this week.
Cynthia We: Monday. Okay.
Oh, man. Well,
Cynthia We: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I have real quick. Have some homework if you want, write this down. One of you look up acorns.
Cynthia We: One of you, Larry.
Cynthia We: I have acorns.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah.
Cynthia We: That's how we pay for school.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK.
Cynthia We: OK. So again,
Gwenevere Abriel: I thank God, and some time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Digit
Gwenevere Abriel: Vero money and power. Know your credit score. Right. Find out what your credit score is
Cynthia We: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And think about whether 10% do the numbers, see if that's a reasonable amount that just automatically later on. Once he gets this this gig.
Gwenevere Abriel: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Says 25% just sit with 10 for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just sit with 10 because 10% look
Gwenevere Abriel: After a year is like it's 40 $800 and that's not much to pull away from the money that you're getting, but you'd have that tucked away. What is that based on. Oh, I just, I put $4,000 a month times 12 if it's 2000 would be 20 $400 I made it for the loan now nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: So I didn't notice it. I gotta go sit with 10% see how you're resisting it how you're going so high. Just sit with 10
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you could do that for a year just play with it, do a little homework go in the kitchen. I would say first plan out this week. So there you guys are real clear. Okay, I would, yeah. Okay, bye.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye, guys. And let me know what you want to meet again.
Cynthia We: Okay, okay.
Cynthia We: Textbook okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, are you there.
You there.
Can you hear me.
Oh,
Sugeys iPhones: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I don't have my screen up. I'm like, looking at other things and wandering around. Okay, yeah, that I had a really hard time ending that session.
Sugeys iPhones: Oh no, it's fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Gosh, you haven't had much much sleep.
Sugeys iPhones: No, I didn't. Yes, 30 or the day before I have trouble sleeping, so I think I only got like three to four hours, and I was
Sugeys iPhones: Okay, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so when I hear that, just tell me one more time and it does take repetition, because it's hard for me to hold everybody's work and school life schedules in my head. Tell me, n which day
Gwenevere Abriel: You actually have time
Gwenevere Abriel: That you're not doing this year.
Sugeys iPhones: Um, Fridays Fridays are the best right now. Right. It's your best. Okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so let's say you're so you are you going to sleep when on on Thursday night.
Sugeys iPhones: On Thursday, I just do till midnight. Okay, so yeah, so that should be fine.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, let's do this. Let's do
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What about
Gwenevere Abriel: One 1pm February.
Sugeys iPhones: 7 1pm sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it might be one five because I'm coming out of a group right then. So I'm to put 105
Sugeys iPhones: Okay, no problem. Okay.
Sugeys iPhones: And that was the seventh
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let me get in here now.
Gwenevere Abriel: How's your son.
Sugeys iPhones: He's good. He's doing better. I think they just adjust to everything so easily.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, well, actually. Today he's probably not going to be too happy.
Sugeys iPhones: Because
Sugeys iPhones: They actually have a getting today. So, yeah.
Sugeys iPhones: Sorry, my dog wanted to come in my room.
Sugeys iPhones: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe find someplace while I'm pulling up a note. See if you can find some place I'm going to talk to you about some different kind of exercises. See if you can find somewhere where I'm either on a stand propped up by books or something where your hands are free.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You take your while I'm opening and know, take your time.
Sugeys iPhones: That's fine. I got it.
Okay. All right.
Let's see if that's all right.
We lost me.
Night where
Gwenevere Abriel: we last met November 22 though we do need to review your goals because I gotta get that updated and muscle will do that real quick. Take a peek.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright you identify
Gwenevere Abriel: Create create more financial stability magnify factors affecting financial stability.
Gwenevere Abriel: As well as possible ways to increase financial stability. Okay, so back then in November. It was I use most of my income to buy drugs, our credit was affected we bought a new vehicle husband says if you don't, if you haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: Hadn't done that what you did, we would have lower monthly. Oh, so that's hard to hear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our
Gwenevere Abriel: Singer.
Gwenevere Abriel: husband wants to control bills and pay for everything. He doesn't want me to have access to a lot of money. I want to start
Gwenevere Abriel: Dating again. That's a big one husband might say it is hard for me to trust you. Okay. And I noticed in group, you were talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're starting to ask to be more a part of the family planning and your opinion is more present than it was.
Sugeys iPhones: When you were an app to the different
Gwenevere Abriel: kind of tied together. Aren't they
Sugeys iPhones: Yes, they are.
Gwenevere Abriel: They are okay. So have you put any action into um I want to have access to all the money like where are you at money right now.
Sugeys iPhones: Yes, I have, actually. And he's actually gave me back some of the control also. So, and it was hard for him. But I mean, you know, to circumstances made him kind of like, okay, and
Sugeys iPhones: He kind of had a hard time letting letting that happened. But now that he did. I would say since about January, maybe the beginning
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's been a month.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, yeah. So he's kind of
Sugeys iPhones: Let me he's left me alone with, you know, the bills and having extra money and and I told him the plan that I wanted to save and it was strictly for me. Okay, what I
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to save money for, tell me again.
Sugeys iPhones: Well, no, I just, you know, I just hate not having like emergency money, right. You never know. So I told him you know I I kind of wanted to have that for myself. I mean, it's just something that I used to do before and in lost that. And I kind of like to do that. So I don't have
Sugeys iPhones: ANYTHING SPECIFIC THAT I want to buy, but I just want to have that what we
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel like a safe amount for you that up. Okay, I can stop putting that there would feel good.
Sugeys iPhones: I mean, I've always like before to have at least like 5000 in the bank. I just want to have that there and you know to sue have but I mean obviously if I need to take money from there I I would, but I never used to letting get below 1000
Sugeys iPhones: Eyes yeah yeah yeah no less than
Gwenevere Abriel: And how much do you have a savings set aside already
Sugeys iPhones: I do, I do. I currently have about 1800
Sugeys iPhones: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: And this is coming from your husband's income or any of it coming.
Sugeys iPhones: Um, what from balls. I, I kind of do it well. He has a company, but I do his payroll, so I do, I do. His books. Basically, and he pays me so
Sugeys iPhones: And throughout this whole process. He had stopped paying me. So, you know, so that's kind of where he came back and said, here's some, you know, or the money that we agreed on. When I first stop working outside of the house. Yeah.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: How does it feel
Sugeys iPhones: Oh, gosh.
Sugeys iPhones: Nice so nice.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah. At first he was kind of like because he was so used to me saying, oh, I need this. Are we going to go to the store and now he calls and I'm like I'm at the store and he's like oh my gosh
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah. He's like, Oh, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not being a cynic. I just want I'm being a realist okay because
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to check in on potential vulnerability. How many times has the thought crate crafted and has the voice of addiction come in and said you could go score.
Sugeys iPhones: Um,
Sugeys iPhones: I will honestly and I not being honest. I think I'm past that point, I, I just look back at everything that it ruined and it just doesn't
Sugeys iPhones: I don't crave it. I don't care for it. I think it was just like something I I realized I got into
Sugeys iPhones: That was totally that wasn't me. I have never used drugs. I HAD NEVER ABUSED alcohol never not never done anything I've never smoked. So I think it was something that I, I don't think I would. I hope not. And I don't think I would go back to
Sugeys iPhones: So I hope
Sugeys iPhones: That hasn't crossed my mind so far.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've got zero
Sugeys iPhones: So forth zero okay and your yes
Sugeys iPhones: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: How many milligrams
Sugeys iPhones: So 7.5
Sugeys iPhones: So before, though, like at the beginning of this when I was working with them for that. Um, I forgot. During
Sugeys iPhones: Um, what that used to happen like at the beginning where it was like, oh, you know, I sometimes I'd be like, so stressed or with everything that it cause I'm like, I could just work out if I go, you know, by some pills and I'll be all good. But now, no. Oh, now I think I've come to four. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get stressed, what do you do instead
Sugeys iPhones: What I started taking a Toshi class, really. Yes. And that has helped me so much. Oh my god, at least for that hour and a half.
Sugeys iPhones: My mind is clear because I'm trying to learn this and and it's so awesome, because it feels so good so that
Sugeys iPhones: How many guys help
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing that.
Sugeys iPhones: I'm doing that twice a week.
Sugeys iPhones: Twice a week. Yes, Mondays and Wednesdays and
Sugeys iPhones: I've been doing that for a month. So this month that has helped me before that.
Sugeys iPhones: I started a journal
Sugeys iPhones: I started a journal and so anytime I really like can't can't focus or something's bothering me. Or it's catching up to me, I write it down. Write it down. And I kind of feel like the event.
Sugeys iPhones: Um,
Sugeys iPhones: Before that I was doing meditation. So now I would, I did.
Sugeys iPhones: It as a coach.
Sugeys iPhones: I do mindfulness
Sugeys iPhones: Mindfulness so yeah it's helped me a lot.
Sugeys iPhones: And that was one of the problems I had before, not, not knowing how to manage stressful situations, other than taking a pill.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking in here. We haven't worked together much so.
Sugeys iPhones: What we've done and what we haven't done
Gwenevere Abriel: Did you receive formal instruction on that diet dramatic breathing already. Do you know how to do that.
Sugeys iPhones: Um, I think we did it a little bit last time, but honestly not not enough to where I could say
Sugeys iPhones: I know how. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to go over that with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's one of those things that
Gwenevere Abriel: It tends to be the one thing that people, when they walk away from treatment here.
Sugeys iPhones: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's their coping skill that's
Sugeys iPhones: That's the one.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're anxious and
Gwenevere Abriel: It can in a lot of ways. It depends on the type of meditation, but you might think of it as a still a top down intervention, we are still asking the mind to do something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where, whereas the box breathing. Whoops.
Hopefully you'll come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, yeah, I got you.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay, good. Sorry about that. I don't know what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to teach you this box breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's not a natural breath. So it's one of these things where I'm going to kind of tell you about the science behind it. Then I'm going to teach it to you. I'll model it and then we'll do it together. And then you can do it on your own.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the basic philosophy behind it is I was talking a little bit. I think as you were logging out was mindfulness practices and meditation can still be a top down intervention which means we're still sort of working with the mind up here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was this is working bottom up, which means we're using our organs to send a message to the brain. We're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what this one is. Okay, so it's not
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, this is just biology working on
Gwenevere Abriel: On your behalf right now so you don't have to actually believe it, you can think it's silly and it can still work.
Sugeys iPhones: No, I believe it, though.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no, I mean you're doing meditation and your yeah so
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah. And before I was the type of person that didn't believe in. I was like, oh my god, why, how could that how
Gwenevere Abriel: This in order to really get this though, I can see by the way you're seated, it's going to be really hard. So let's, you're going to need to be able to get your air on this desk, you're going to need the air on the bottom of the long and you can't do it when you're scrunched over
Gwenevere Abriel: With you a little space here. Now of course you can be. You can do the the lazy boy post when you are sitting down in let's say you were
Gwenevere Abriel: Seated you could do this. And you could pull your hands back like you were on a lazy boy, you could kind of pull your hands back and and you'd have expanded chest. That's one.
Sugeys iPhones: You could
Gwenevere Abriel: Be seated and you can be sitting up right you can tuck your hands underneath your thighs, put it there. And if you're standing. You can do this sort of super, super one. Oh, Superwoman, or Wonder Woman and kind of put it bit on your on your hips to open up in this chest but
Gwenevere Abriel: In that basic instruction. It doesn't mean that you can't be laying in bed and doing this breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me talk about the science behind it for a second. So we've got got some basic positions, you do want to have this chest open because the whole idea is you're going to be basically you'll be breathing in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Through the nose and you'll be pulling this this diaphragm damn will be expanding the belly and what is happening when you're doing that when that air goes down in here. So watch. I'm going to inhale and you keep an eye on my shoulders. You're going to see when I do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You barely know that I just inhaled right
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's happening I'm expanding the air down at the bottom. I love when I don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I created a high. Yeah, you can see my shoulders moving. So you really want with fidelity to
Gwenevere Abriel: To push those hands away from your belly expand that belly. It's a hard thing to do. It's very unnatural. But we did it when we were babies and it will come back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the science behind it is this when you do this diaphragm breathing when you are breathing deep down into that full lung and expanding that belly out what it's doing is smashing down the organs below.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those organs are all wrapped around the Vegas nerve the Vegas nerve is also called this wandering nerve and it's an amazing
Gwenevere Abriel: Amazing nerve. What it does is when those organs are smushed right it activates the Vegas nerve, which is wrapped around all those organs and it sends a message up to the brain that says, oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in complete contradiction emotionally to how we're feeling because we're anxious and in order for this body to be breathing like that where the diaphragm smashes down
Gwenevere Abriel: We must be okay. So again, it sends a message up to the brain. Oh, we're breathing deeply, there must not be a threat, there must not be an actual danger.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: It just sends the message because you can't breathe like nobody brands like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're like,
You don't love me anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, my kids. My kids hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, its way up here, short, short, short, short, short little brass short
Sugeys iPhones: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: So with that breath is in complete contradiction to what the mind has been activated to a threat response, we can. It's called a Vegas break can pull the brakes on it with a parasympathetic nervous system that is the Vegas nerve.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you think of it as a break. We are sympathetic nervous system, which is a threat response.
Gwenevere Abriel: Completely conscious. You're like my son is hurt right
Gwenevere Abriel: We immediately probably don't want to be in threat response because we can't think straight. We can't problem solve all the blood is in our large muscle groups. It's in our biceps, triceps and in our size.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can't think straight. We want to be able to have a conversation with someone, we want to use logic, reason and plan something out and can't do it because
Gwenevere Abriel: We're activated. So you do this, breathing, and I'm going to teach you today moment. So first, I'm just giving you the science behind it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the other thing, the other way that this is helpful is from a top down perspective, which has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm going to teach you actually is kind of hard to do. It takes concentration because it's going to be in, you know, it'll be enough for
Gwenevere Abriel: Second, inhale, and they'll hold your breath for four seconds of your exhale for for and then right you'll hold for four and you'll inhale. And you do this over and over. And it actually is hard to do. So, this
Gwenevere Abriel: Is hard to do will take concentration and you'll get your mind off the monkey mind that wants to. What if everything catastrophizing everything so it works in two ways. Right. It focuses the mind, but the actual physiology of that breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so let's say you forget to do the belly breathing, you can still have the benefit of it because a lot of people weren't doing it sort of this right way when they were breathing deeply in the bottom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And they were still benefiting from it because it's such a hard breath to do it got their mind off their stress thought got their mind into a different neural network.
Gwenevere Abriel: They were focused on the body. And they ended up coming down. So let's do both at the same time and that regulation is going to happen so much faster.
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are the two mechanism mechanisms of action where that works. So now let me do a little
Sugeys iPhones: Instruction on it so I
Gwenevere Abriel: Mentioned earlier, it's basically I call it box breathing, because it's shorter than swear
Gwenevere Abriel: It's basically it'll be like this. First I'm going to instruct you don't have to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The instruction is this you're going to be inhaling for four seconds you'll be inhaling through the nose and you'll be using those mindfulness skills that you've been developing
Gwenevere Abriel: Which has to do with paying attention to the sensation. How does it feel coming make you feel it in your nose. Here's you can feel the air that temperature coming through. And now you've got these hands on your belly and your bellies expanding
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the inhale, so it's right. It's an inhale for for and then you're going to hold that breath, you're gonna hold that belly out for 4321 then you're an exhale really feeling that pure slips.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale out of the mouth flattening that tummy for four seconds you're going to hold it. Now some people can't hold it for four seconds.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that part. I'm not, I'm not too picky about maybe only hold it for to that part doesn't really matter. But then you're going to feel it again coming in through the nose for four seconds you're going to hold for four seconds you're going to push it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of your mouth for
Gwenevere Abriel: Four seconds feeling as it feels coming out of the mouth all that sensation and you're going to feel that tell me going flat. So I'm going to do it in front of you and
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as you kind of get the rhythm.
Sugeys iPhones: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel free to join me. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and for your first time while you're learning, you definitely want to have an expanded sort of
Gwenevere Abriel: So make sure you're creating that opportunity for yourself. So can you
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you see my belly.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: My name. I can't tell. Okay.
Sugeys iPhones: So I'm doing now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to inhale for for and I'm paying. This is the hard part. The shoulders are going to want to go up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure you're watching those hands and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's have them.
Gwenevere Abriel: expanse, here we go. I'm going to inhale for for
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, hold 32 want to know, expanding belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 and now the exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull, hold, hold, hold, inhale through the nose.
Hold, hold, hold, hold.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold, hold, inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 exhale
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: Push it out nice and slow. Out of that now, so keep it going. See if you can keep doing that count.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really conscious with his hands were expanding as that belly expands.
Gwenevere Abriel: push the air out really yeah there we go. Nice and deliberate. Keep it hold the air out for a couple seconds and then breathe it into the nose, nice and slow. That was a little fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. A little slower.
Sugeys iPhones: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it going in. Let me just check in, it's going in download
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah, your hands are
Fantastic.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here we go.
Gwenevere Abriel: Push it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold, hold, hold. Inhale through that note.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 push it.
Gwenevere Abriel: All out on purpose. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat. Flat
Gwenevere Abriel: Tummy Flat. Flat. Flat
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold 321 inhale expand that happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Let it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you can do it inside your own mind. What's your own count.
Sugeys iPhones: I noticed I get more relaxed. I feel like my shoulders aren't temps.
Sugeys iPhones: There's yeah there's a lot more loose. I'm, I'm so used to feeling like this.
Sugeys iPhones: Right, yeah.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, absolutely.
Gwenevere Abriel: So as you you you can also. Okay, so this is a really handy technique when let's say you're about to pick up the phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you're about to talk to so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to meet someone or something happens. You get a text where you notice your body responds with a threat response for a lot of people, their stomach turns
Gwenevere Abriel: There they start grinding their teeth for you. It might be the shoulders up so you catch the shoulders drop them down and you start doing the breathing.
Sugeys iPhones: Done.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in the moment, that's a sort of an emotional regulation.
Sugeys iPhones: Skill right there. There's
Sugeys iPhones: Also
Gwenevere Abriel: This idea of doing it when you wake up. So you do when you wake up.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's just a practice. I'm going to set the tone for this day or relaxed day I'm going to have this lovely imagery in my mind, I'm going to be doing this breathing and then you can do it before you go to sleep to about maybe five 710 rounds of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's both this sort of meditative practice as well as on the spot feel better practice.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You could also. So you're going to be this really neat that you're learning Tai Chi, so you're probably learning stuff like this. Right. You learn
Sugeys iPhones: You burn this ball.
Sugeys iPhones: Right and
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what, you're probably learning is it's not your hands doing it like this, isn't it, you're turning your body
Sugeys iPhones: Hmm.
Sugeys iPhones: Isn't it, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It takes a lot of concentration to do it with fidelity to do it the right way. So yes, that's a great way to get out of the out of your head so you can be doing some breathing, as you're doing it so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing it up here, and on the other side and exhaling, so you can
Sugeys iPhones: Incorporate
Gwenevere Abriel: Look how much concentration that face, you're going to get out of you.
Sugeys iPhones: Mm hmm.
Sugeys iPhones: And what I have noticed with know that I joined that
Sugeys iPhones: I have a hard time. Um,
Sugeys iPhones: I think it was that by concentrating
Sugeys iPhones: Because like I will either go too fast.
Sugeys iPhones: And I find myself, like, you know, and I don't know if it's a part of part of that I'm learning. But I tend to like move to us.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah.
Sugeys iPhones: And I feel that's part of my my anxiousness like you know
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you, I mean, I'm not an instructor. I used to
Gwenevere Abriel: Many
Gwenevere Abriel: Many years ago, I would
Sugeys iPhones: I was teaching
Gwenevere Abriel: Filipino knife and stick fighting. Some are nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: I really love the Tai Chi that some of those moves. It's just stuck with me. They resonated so powerfully and
Gwenevere Abriel: Reason why I like that particular move is because it's not about right this destination. It's not about you know getting over here. It's about how do I get there by turning
Gwenevere Abriel: On turning
Sugeys iPhones: With my whole body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And by the time I get there, my left ankle is pointing out and I'm over here like this. And how do I get over there without turning just in my upper body. How do I turn from the waist over here. How do I do it, how do I bring this over by turning my whole upper body with it and
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're meeting with this, with this instructor. Say, where should I be concentrating my focus as I'm turning. Where's the, the part. How am I getting over here because I it's not just this right and
Gwenevere Abriel: Right up here and he might say, oh, maybe, maybe the core. I'm not an instructor in it. But for me, I feel it here.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I also feel
Sugeys iPhones: All the way down to my heel. I also
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because by the time I get here that heals turned out and for it. I can do this.
Sugeys iPhones: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a completely different focus and maybe asking, Where are you guys FOCUSING ON WHERE AM I MAKING THAT TERM happen. They probably be able to kind of fine tune it
Sugeys iPhones: And it's funny because he's actually really good. I really like him, and he's very detailed and the first week or two. I won't even say he's telling me exactly
Sugeys iPhones: What part of my body to use and it's so weird, because it's I just couldn't. I was like, yeah, yeah. But again, I think it was just the anxiety of learning. I guess something new. And then, but obviously it's gotten a lot better. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you've been going for a month. Right.
Yeah.
Sugeys iPhones: That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Not body awareness is going to serve you.
Gwenevere Abriel: To pay attention to the body.
Sugeys iPhones: Yes, I've never been the type to be able to like use my body very much like my fingers. My husband can, like, move his toes.
Sugeys iPhones: And I can't. And it's, it's weird. I've never had never paid attention to stuff like
Sugeys iPhones: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think that's really neat that you're you're doing this activity.
Sugeys iPhones: Yes.
Sugeys iPhones: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me check him on a couple other things, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: About that one try and do that one at least five times a day until you really, really get how it's going to serve you.
Sugeys iPhones: And
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, even as you're doing Tai Chi. My guess is this instructor will do some instruction around breathing.
Sugeys iPhones: Oh, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then follow that instruction. There's also this breath work with cheap calm. There's lots of stuff out there where you
Sugeys iPhones: Oh my God, yes. Yeah. Yes, neat things that she
Sugeys iPhones: Knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, another one you have is I to get more organized
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure that you know that's missing to get more organized so as
Gwenevere Abriel: To lessen frustration levels. Tell me what that means.
Get more organized so
Sugeys iPhones: I think all that was i was i would do the hard things that I have to deal with, like, just an example of there's something
Sugeys iPhones: I'm okay. Say that like something that I got a pain that's just a and I know it's like a burden. And I'm like, I would put that aside and then like the last moment, I'm like,
Sugeys iPhones: Oh crap, I have to get it done. And then that would stress me out because sometimes you know doesn't work that way because something happens and I don't get it done. And then I'm going to get a lead charge. And that's just starts building all this other stuff. So I kind of
Sugeys iPhones: Needed a
Sugeys iPhones: Way of putting setting my priorities. Yes. And in doing that.
Sugeys iPhones: I think it would it would be less stressful for me when I have to do stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where are you at with that. How good at. You are setting things that are important.
Sugeys iPhones: Urgent I'm getting
Sugeys iPhones: I'm getting better. I'm getting better. I don't feel like I still have it all under control, but I am getting better. I and I started to use an actual I know this is sounds old school but I started to use an actual calendar a planner, because if I see it. It's weird. If I see it.
Sugeys iPhones: Then, then
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah now. Oh, because everybody's like, Oh, we'll just put it in your phone, but the planner actually helps me because I turn to that page of the you know the date and I see. Oh.
Sugeys iPhones: I have to do this. And yes, the phone. Reminds you, but sometimes you don't hear it. Sometimes you don't hear the reminder. Sometimes, something happens. So that planner is helping me
Sugeys iPhones: Yes. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've gotten hacked, you can see a layout. You can see the whole week in front of you right
Sugeys iPhones: Okay, that's beautiful.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's your understanding about about procrastination. What do you know about it.
Sugeys iPhones: Maybe Lauren. Oh.
Sugeys iPhones: Well, to make it
Sugeys iPhones: The short version. I guess I would say or what I think it is. I'm waiting till the last minute to get things accomplished.
And what's your opinion of a procrastinator.
Sugeys iPhones: I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's your opinion of a program
Sugeys iPhones: Oh, I hate it. I hate it. I hate it because I wasn't like that and I hated
Sugeys iPhones: What is. I'm like,
Sugeys iPhones: What did you use um during all this because I learned how to step all the like the part not the things that were used. Important to me at that time, I would put them aside.
Sugeys iPhones: Which were actually the important things I should have paid attention to. So I kind of learn to, you know, deal with the leader, it'll work itself out.
Sugeys iPhones: That type of behavior.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, now um
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's a couple things that I've seen be effective around this. One of them is so let's let's make it realistic. What is something that
Gwenevere Abriel: You'd like to see yourself chip away at but instead you're gonna wait to the last minute to
Sugeys iPhones: motivate you.
Sugeys iPhones: See, what would that be
Sugeys iPhones: Something that I do that lives.
Sugeys iPhones: Maybe like
Sugeys iPhones: I always say, I'm going to go to the gym and I don't. And then like a last minute or somebody says, like my neighbor and I go together sometimes
Sugeys iPhones: She'll say oh I'm going and I'm fine. I text, I find myself texting or later. I'll be right there and there was like a whole hour to get to get everything together. But no, I decided at the last very last minute to go
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so she's texting.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's invited you. And for an hour.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, like an hour before she's leaving and and I'll say, oh, you know, I have things to do, or I'll let you know. And then I find myself texting her and made her like maybe even at the time that she's leaving and saying, Oh, wait.
Sugeys iPhones: I am going to go
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Sugeys iPhones: An interesting one.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's pretty it's pretty similar actually to way procrastination basically works.
Gwenevere Abriel: There is
Gwenevere Abriel: Everyone's a procrastinator.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we give ourselves this hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: But try and understand that the gym.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't have a set deadline. Right, so maybe I could lose weight. Maybe I'll fit in these clothes, maybe above
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you but if you realize the actual constraint is your friend is leaving. It's a lot easier to take action. The closer you are to that deadline.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so, you do you. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. And then you make a decision. So just, just think of it like this. Is there something in your life where there's no deadline. There's no constraint. Think of like a
Gwenevere Abriel: A PhD student right who they've got a lot of time to write this thing, but they don't right
Gwenevere Abriel: They don't write because this is really no set deadlines are so far off into the future. They're having a hard time writing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: But try and have compassion because we're all like that we need to know what the constraint is when we don't have a deadline when we don't have a set constraint, we're left to our own regulation.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not going to do it. We're going to wait the monkey mind will say, Oh, let's play. Now let's feel good now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, but just know that that is normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what you can do is
Gwenevere Abriel: Set an actual straight to it, you give yourself a deadline or you can manufacturer it from the outside by committing to going with your friend once you commit to your friend, you're not going to be rude.
Sugeys iPhones: Right, probably guessing on
Gwenevere Abriel: The x. So the constraint is an actual COMMITMENT, I'LL BE OVER THERE ON THE OUTSIDE five minutes before
Gwenevere Abriel: You commit to it because you won't. You're like, they the whole time. They are maybe I'll go. Maybe I want. That's not a constraint.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So manufacturer by committing hey
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to now maybe you've done it with the Tai Chi. Maybe you did it with money, like, ooh, this was a little bit more than I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Comfortable with if I make myself go
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, you know, I'll probably go and so I signed up for this. And I'm going to go Monday and Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you want the constraint there. So on your agenda right here you are with this agenda and you're like, Okay, I need to do this thing.
Sugeys iPhones: I'm going to invite her
Gwenevere Abriel: On Tuesdays and Wednesdays to go to the gym and it's on your agenda and you just text her and you commit to it. That's the constraint, because we have this
Sugeys iPhones: social pressure to be our commitments with people.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're probably going to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That the sample. But my point.
Sugeys iPhones: Is if you
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch yourself with something with a constraint way out here, you probably aren't going to do it until it's right on top of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's normal.
Gwenevere Abriel: So give yourself a break. That's like human nature. We all kind of do that so it's hard to chip away at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So hold that as the truth, right, because that's probably true. So, the other one is that this technique and 54321 can be helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: You literally
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't have any time to waste. Let's say you say today, I'm going to make I'll make something up. I'm going to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: This Tai Chi video, I'll just say I'm going to do this video once a day, and this is how it works. You wake up in the morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: As soon as you thought of it. You have to say 54321 you're literally standing up, believe it or not, if you wait those five four seconds. Your mind will say, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it later. You don't really want to do right now. Come on. You want you to feel it. Doesn't this bed feel good. This feels so good. You need to do and I can do later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Later, and guess what another whole day is gone by and you didn't do this thing. But watch what will happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm all watch. I don't overthink it. I do, I do. The 54321 and I just kicked my legs out of the bed. Well, my legs are already out of the bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might as right oh I'm tired and I walked over and I've turned the light on. Now, now I'm already up already up
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm counting I'm literally counting the mind doesn't have. Right. It can't intrude with it's nonsense and try and tell you not to do it you're counting 54321
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already in motion the likelihood that you're going to get where you're going is so much higher. It's, I can. And this may seem oversimplified, and how can this work. This is ridiculous.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but, hey, Thomas
Sugeys iPhones: No, no I willing to try it. I want to tell it.
Sugeys iPhones: Actually is
Gwenevere Abriel: Funny because
Gwenevere Abriel: It's made it on your to do list. You've already worked out, whether it's either important or urgent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't bother putting it on the list. If you're not, if you're not going to do this thing. If you haven't already worked through this is something you want to do and don't put it on there. But if you have
Gwenevere Abriel: If it's okay, I want to spend 20 minutes developing this, you know, I've got to work on this this project. And so I say well to get it done. I need about 20 minutes a day if you bother writing it in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you just do the 54321 you've already done all the analysis you wrote it down because it's important to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you're never going to feel like doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You never know. One is
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to be bored. We want to confront people. We don't want to ask for things we want
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't want to be challenged with a good grief. I don't know if I knew this stuff yesterday now doesn't like I know how is this possible. Nobody wants to sit with that do it anyway. It's on your list if you wrote it down, you've already worked out, whether it's important origin for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: 54321 you literally you're literally like a few seconds. I got a call right now live for. And you just do it. Hi.
Sugeys iPhones: Ya know, that's, ya know, I'm willing to try it. I'm curious, actually.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's kind of cute because during you
Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: During that counting
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not busy convincing yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing, you're already in motion and the likelihood. Oh, this I want to I want this, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to talk to this professor about a question I have, or whatever, there's this residency. I want to do, or I want to make another impression. If you're already walking like
Gwenevere Abriel: Morning walking the line.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're already walking, you're probably going to get there. You're already walking so just
Now,
Sugeys iPhones: Just put it
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'd like to say, the thing about the constraints, because a lot of people give themselves a hard time about procrastination, they think there's some sort of something just broke
Sugeys iPhones: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: We like we like, believe it or not, our mind likes to have a constraint we may say, Oh, that's too limiting and and I don't want to be enough budget budgets are for people that are broke. Well, guess what happens if we have a constraint white and that's how much we spend if we don't
Gwenevere Abriel: We spend more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just the way we are. And whatever amount of time we have will fill it doing that project, but give yourself this much time will then that's how much time this this task will take you'll get it done.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, that makes sense. So here's
Gwenevere Abriel: Your friends texting you say I'm going to go
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's a commitment right and the
Gwenevere Abriel: Likelihood is
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to go and on 543 I'm already getting my my shorts out. I've already got my my sports primary got my stuff out.
Sugeys iPhones: And guess what, if
Gwenevere Abriel: You can't keep that commitment. If you break that promise. Well, then you can apologize but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. We make mistakes we overcommit sometimes, but we'll deal with it when you get there, that's okay to
Just some thoughts around procrastination.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the gym. One of the ones that concerns you or is there something more pressing
Sugeys iPhones: Um,
Sugeys iPhones: I just think it's like
Sugeys iPhones: With my daily being was it's so weird, like
Sugeys iPhones: I can give you another example. I know my, my husband is going to get home at five and and I want to start dinner before he gets here.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah. And then I look at the clock and I'm like,
Sugeys iPhones: It's like five minutes from him getting here and then I start you know making, making dinner. And I'm like, I have all this time to make it and no wait till the last minute. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, so the chain of events, a great one, actually. So you go
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, what do I do you already know, like, Tell me, what are you going to eat for dinner tonight.
Sugeys iPhones: I'm gonna make some vegetables with chicken chicken vegetables.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you going to make the chicken.
Sugeys iPhones: Grilled
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and you have enough propane or what gas whatever you're going to need for that. Yeah. Okay. And this takes grilled chicken. Is this about
Gwenevere Abriel: 20 minutes
Or though.
Sugeys iPhones: I takes like like 40 minutes or 4045 around there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay 45 and then now that's just the grilled chicken. What about the veggies. What do you have to do with those guys.
Sugeys iPhones: But you grill in those two. Those are no those I'm going to make inside and those probably take about 15 including the
Gwenevere Abriel: Looting like cleaning and whatever you needed you to cut them right
Sugeys iPhones: Oh, why would I have them already cut, I, I tend to cut a lot in then I put them in bags. So those are cut. So I would say about 50 we can say 20 okay
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you need to be right next to the grill or do you
Sugeys iPhones: Know what I can, I can go back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you want dinner made by what time
Sugeys iPhones: Five.
Gwenevere Abriel: By five
Mm hmm. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're talking about starting at that for for 10
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, that would be all right. Okay, I'm sorry I've waited till 455
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there anything
Gwenevere Abriel: That's more urgent than that. Is there anything that's getting know what
Gwenevere Abriel: Good could get in the way of it.
Sugeys iPhones: No, like I said, I think it's just daily, things like that in and I would say urgency, I would say like
Sugeys iPhones: making phone calls or bills or even like payroll. When I do payroll, I will wait till like Thursday and, you know, and
Sugeys iPhones: We paydays Friday. So if I don't get that in on time, they're not going to get a check and they're not every happy. So, and this happened where once I didn't get it in on time so they had to wait till Friday afternoon to get their paycheck, which my husband was curious about so
Sugeys iPhones: Those kind of type of urgency user. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But notice, notice how
Gwenevere Abriel: You did do it, but you had to wait till it was right here. So please understand that is a human nature thing we do you do something wrong or broken this takes a lot of work to say no matter what the monkey mind. I gotta show you this little video it's gonna make you laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is he's calling himself the master procrastinator.
It's very cute.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you go set your alarm for for 10 you use the five second rule you just walk in the kitchen.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're never going to feel like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not going to feel like doing payroll and as far as this goes you pull out your agenda, you want to set yourself a certain time to be chipping away at the payroll you write it down. If you don't bother writing it down. If you're not going to do it. Don't kid yourself.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right from three to
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Three to four. This is what I'm going to do it or whatever it is. That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you are 321 it you just start walking over and I can tell you it's not going to be as bad as you think your mind is going to say you're going to be bored you
Gwenevere Abriel: Dis this. No, no, wait, just wait till you feel like doing it by the time you get there and you've done. You've done your 20 minutes you might end up doing more than you thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: But now brain of yours is going to tell you just wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's its job is to postpone it wants you to have this this enjoyable experience and just, just chill. It doesn't mean it's the only way to handle that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: Trust me on this 54321 you're already walking over there. And if you embody this idea. You're never going to feel like it, you'll see
Gwenevere Abriel: Your brain is going to be telling yes you can. You're gonna you'll see later you'll feel like it later you'll see you'll see now, you won't. Nobody, nobody wants to do this. We want to do that stuff.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it as soon as you have the thought. I want to do this video I want to do this. This cooking. Right. No. Oh, I've already got it set for for for for for 10 or you have an alarm set, but when it comes to these things like
Gwenevere Abriel: Like the payroll. I have no idea. I don't know if what would serve you better is having it scheduled on the book or I have no idea. Yeah.
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, no, I think that's a good. That's a good way to start. I think by by putting it on that planner, because that's definitely helped me get a lot more done actually
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, I think so too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remembering running it through like you notice how I keep saying it over and over, you never get to feel like it.
Sugeys iPhones: Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: See
That's why it's work.
Sugeys iPhones: Right now you
Gwenevere Abriel: Aren't going to feel like it you won't feel like it then. So why not do it right now, you won't feel like it. Trust me, you won't you wait to feel the guilt pressing down on you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: See what it feels like to do the 54321 walk over and do it anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have to do it anyway.
Gwenevere Abriel: But now you won't have that pressure. See if you can do it.
Sugeys iPhones: See what happens.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here is a little behavior experiment, see if your mind is going to push back really hard and say, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And make commitments to people because that's a constraint. I already committed to my friend. I got her go.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, um, let me just look real quick in here. You did say something about better communication, you said better communication with my husband. I taught you a little bit about the I feel statements.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't know how far we got into that piece. Did you have a chance to
Sugeys iPhones: Practice it with him. Yeah. Yeah. I think I'm I'm using it more now I find myself. I'm not apologizing for everything.
Sugeys iPhones: So, you know, I definitely think, um, I would say these last maybe two months maybe month to two months, I feel a lot like I've been putting a lot of what
Sugeys iPhones: I've been taught
Sugeys iPhones: Recently into play. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you given some thought to
Sugeys iPhones: Inviting your husband to
Sugeys iPhones: Do something
Gwenevere Abriel: Around communication.
Sugeys iPhones: Yes, I have. I'm going to talk to him about Elvis over this weekend.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the one thing he might say that is your worst fear. What's your worst fear that he
Sugeys iPhones: I think he'll probably say, I don't need it.
Sugeys iPhones: I don't need counseling.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay, he's gonna say, I think he's in it. That's one thing I would think he's going to say, or he could say um
Sugeys iPhones: I don't know, we haven't talked about counseling or a while but at first it was like I would try to come and tell him you know that the things they would
Sugeys iPhones: Teach me. And he'd be like, Oh, why don't even care about that because that's your problem.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, how did you feel when he said that
Sugeys iPhones: I would be very upset. Oh, yeah. So, like, more recent he started to open up at first he was completely like that's your problem, not mine.
Sugeys iPhones: And then like as months kind of went by and they would slowly come back and say, you know, all this happen, or this they taught me this, he would start like listening.
Sugeys iPhones: And now he understands. Like, why was so important to meet for him to be able to understand or be a part of. I told him, you have to be a part of this treatment.
Sugeys iPhones: There's no way I can do without you being part of it. So yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're changing a lot, you know, he's going to be left out kind of going, Who is this woman, she's changing so much, you know,
Yeah yeah
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, and I think he's made the comment here and they're like, oh my god, you're, you're changing. And he's like, it's just hard to kind of
Sugeys iPhones: You know, deal with the, the change all of a sudden, and I'm like, I don't think it's all of a sudden, but I think he he feels like it was OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now think about for yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why do you want him to join you in session. Think about it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go inside right now and just kind of ponder
Sugeys iPhones: For a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: What is it. So asking yourself, what do I want from this
Gwenevere Abriel: Not because somebody had asked
Sugeys iPhones: What do you hope to gain from
It.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a minute and just think about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you know what you want.
Gwenevere Abriel: From it from the experience of meeting together to know what you want.
What is it, what do
Sugeys iPhones: I want him to even
Sugeys iPhones: Understand me more.
Sugeys iPhones: And I would like him to maybe open up a little bit more
Sugeys iPhones: Like I said he, he, he's come a long way, but sometimes I still feel like he's like, I don't want to not that he's never said I want to talk about it, but I feel that way because kill like
Sugeys iPhones: Switch the subject. He'll kill avoid it. Basically, when I start saying, you know, this or they're teaching me this or or in counseling today or in group. And he's like, kind of like, oh, you know, so I wish you would just be more involved.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and what would you gain from his feet more info.
Sugeys iPhones: Oh, wonder
Sugeys iPhones: I think it would help us a lot in understanding
Sugeys iPhones: Each other, not just me, but I would think that it would help so much because he could really see
Sugeys iPhones: You know, the how the process is going how hard it's been
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah, so I think it would help both of us in our relationships.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me tell you what I've heard. What you want is understanding from him.
Gwenevere Abriel: And specifically, you want them to understand how hard it's been for you.
Sugeys iPhones: Yes, recovery.
Sugeys iPhones: Yes, exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, this is what you want. It's going to be hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, but
Gwenevere Abriel: He didn't ask for this. This is that was stuffing, you want
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you before the way might be to sell this
Gwenevere Abriel: Idea what he has to gain from it.
Gwenevere Abriel: He wanted to do this.
Sugeys iPhones: High think I would feel better if I feel better, or I'm going to be in a better mood. I can you know because a lot of times that that's something that he says, sometimes, like, Oh, well, you're always in a bad mood.
Sugeys iPhones: Or you're always stressed. So I think he would be happier to have. I was happier.
Sugeys iPhones: I have, you know, because we're of his understanding, then I could probably get more even more done. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You might benefit meeting him so
Gwenevere Abriel: What's his first name.
Sugeys iPhones: It'll work better. Oh, that'll
Sugeys iPhones: That'll say
So at all.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you decide to do this. This can join meeting.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have a better understanding of how harnesses, then
Gwenevere Abriel: You might
See
Gwenevere Abriel: This is hard for me. I gotta tell you, because it's it's not directly
For him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't know this, you don't know for sure that you're going to have a better mood because you haven't
Gwenevere Abriel: Played at sent out
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to understand what you're thinking about at all. I think in couples therapy. I'm going to be able to know how you're doing around the changes that I'm
Sugeys iPhones: Jumping
Gwenevere Abriel: Up might be able to to feel comfortable enough. Tell me what it's like to see me going through these rapid changes it you might feel safe enough to talk about those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want our marriage to work and I want to know how my change is affecting you. And this place for us to do this. See, because mostly you're talking about your moods going to get better, you're going to have a better understanding
Sugeys iPhones: Yeah yeah
Sugeys iPhones: He's like, what
Sugeys iPhones: Am I
Gwenevere Abriel: What am I getting out of this.
Sugeys iPhones: Mm hmm. That's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: I asked it the way I asked it because
Gwenevere Abriel: If he has no complaints about you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does he have any complaints.
Sugeys iPhones: Um, no, no. Well, other than sometimes, like I said, sometimes it's like, Oh, you're always stressed because
Sugeys iPhones: You know, we'll be talking. I'm like, no, I've been stressed today.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: The he you in your stress. What are you doing, but he doesn't like
Sugeys iPhones: Um, well, actually, one of the things he really hates us the me procrastinating he he hates that because he knows so he'll tend to like tell me five times to do something in that that bugs me.
Sugeys iPhones: Because I'm like, I know. And he's like, please get it out now because you're gonna forget. And then when I do forget or if I don't do it for you can imagine. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why don't we put up a little pin in this idea of meeting. Let's wait a little bit to invite this. How about, there's a little stronger need. I thought we should wait for
Gwenevere Abriel: Because typically, when there's
Gwenevere Abriel: yelling at each other, or there's this
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, let's say it's about money.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're spending all this money and it's not getting saved and it's starting to be this huge or let's say he has a parenting style, you have a parenting style and it's so
Sugeys iPhones: She's lying.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be able to talk about this. I want to work with my partner, but I can't.
Gwenevere Abriel: therapy can be helpful, but
Gwenevere Abriel: If you end up addressing your procrastination issues, maybe this will just sort of solve itself. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe I don't know it because I'm having
Gwenevere Abriel: A hard time seeing how we can
Sugeys iPhones: For know
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe wait and see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Figured it out. Like, I know, I know what what would help him feel good and how we would be how we would do better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if he hasn't said something like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't think you're going to be able to stay clean but you know he hasn't said something, you know what I mean, like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Where he has this really broad understanding of this
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I don't know that you're going to be able to wrangle them in
Gwenevere Abriel: If you decide
Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: At all. Have you noticed that I've been kind of talking different I've been saying how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I feel better. And you notice for not arguments much
Gwenevere Abriel: I learned this from Gwen and in love, if we could, you could learn it to. And then we would both have this really direct way of communicating that is a place if you decided you want to go to, like, I want you to be able to talk about your feelings. Also, so you don't have to keep it inside
Gwenevere Abriel: And structure has been useful and we can both do it together. That's one one piece is around that that communication. So, just give us a
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, was there anything in here. Do you want to set
Gwenevere Abriel: A new goal, um, let me see something happen here.
Gwenevere Abriel: better communication improve her health through losing. Oh, you wanted to lose some weight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay today is one
Gwenevere Abriel: Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to increase frequency of engaging and daily exercise.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to do exercise every day.
Sugeys iPhones: Try to do at least 30 minutes every day because I was walking, I would walk every day. And now that it got cold I stopped doing that. So I feel like that makes me a little even lazy to get me going.
Sugeys iPhones: Because when I want to get the surgery and I you know I'm up and moving and and I just feel like when I don't walk I yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So twice a week. You've been going to type cheap.
Sugeys iPhones: So that's helped okay now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just break it down for me. How many days a week. Are you actually exercising.
Sugeys iPhones: Right now. Um, I would say just the two days that I go over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we'll extend this target date.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do you want to do. Notice that you do have access to, to video to YouTube and things like that. How do you increase it a little bit. If it's not walking outside if it's too cold. What would you do
Sugeys iPhones: Oh my can do it inside. And actually we've been talking about getting maybe a treadmill. So maybe I can start you know that way also.
Gwenevere Abriel: Give some
Gwenevere Abriel: Give some thought to practicing the homework 54321 as soon as you think it. Just do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And have compassion around the fact that you do need a constraint.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning we all kind of do. It's like human nature. We all kind of. So even though you're giving him a hard time or, you know, you're telling me to go drive around
Gwenevere Abriel: You could instead of not liking that about yourself. You could say, oh, you know what
Gwenevere Abriel: I do that everybody does that we all wait to the last minute. Oh, this 5432 1am I get up and I'm just going to do five minutes, and all of a sudden, you've walked over you're sitting down and all you're doing is five minutes.
Gwenevere Abriel: probably end up doing that, but he tricked in mind by saying, I'm just gonna walk over, I'm just going to open a book.
Sugeys iPhones: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a trick.
Gwenevere Abriel: Works, who cares 54321 as soon as you have the thought. I'm not kidding. They will only have a few seconds before the brain convinces you not do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Start committing to things because that's the constraint.
Sugeys iPhones: OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK, let's meet again, um, you want to meet in a month, two weeks. When do you want to do it again.
Sugeys iPhones: I'm doing we schedule for the seven
Gwenevere Abriel: What I do, I did I put you at 105
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, okay. That's beautiful. I will see that
Already
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have any medication bridge to today, or you're good.
Sugeys iPhones: No, I'm good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. There's a lot to do. You've got breathing, you've got, you know, 54321 you've got competing commitments you've got lots of things that you could be playing with
Sugeys iPhones: Let's see how it goes. Sure. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm ready.
Sugeys iPhones: Thank you. Bye.